{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red56\green81\blue138;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 INTRODUCTION 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf3 Just over a year ago you had a smart electricity meter installed at your home. This particular model of smart meter reports your usage to your electricity provider every hour. Your electricity contract is due for renewal and being a top financial analyst you decide to identify which contract will minimize your annual electricity cost. 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 There are 3 different types of electricity contracts available to you. Each are described in the table below: 
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs26 To decide which contract is optimal, you decide to compare the costs under each of the contracts assuming your usage remains exactly the same as last year. You've contacted your current electricity supplier to obtain your electricity usage history for the last year. Unfortunately they provided it to you in a poorly structured and unsorted format, so you will need to clean it up prior to doing your analysis. In the data the hour field identifies when the hour starts, so 8AM would be from 8:00AM until 8:59AM. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \strokec2 SUPPORTING DATA 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf3 You\'92ve placed your usage history and the specifics of each of the electricity contracts into the supplied workbook. Your usage history is located on the \'93Usage\'94 sheet while the specifics about each of the electricity contracts is located on the \'93Contracts\'94 sheet. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
##########################################################################\
\
#Question 1: \
#What is your average hourly electricity usage?\
\
##########################################################################\
#Question 2\
#What is your average electricity usage per hour in February?\
\
##########################################################################\
#Question 3\
#Which day of the week has the highest average usage?\
\
##########################################################################\
#Question 4\
#What is the highest amount of electricity used in a continuous 4 hour period?\
\
##########################################################################\
#Question 5\
#Based on your historic electricity usage, what would your annual cost \
#of electricity be under the "Monthly Flex" contract?\
\
##########################################################################\
#Question 6\
#Based on your historic electricity usage, what would your annual cost of \
#electricity be under the "Hourly Flex" contract?\
 \
##########################################################################       \
#Question 7\
#Based on your historic electricity usage, which of the three contracts \
#would produce the lowest annual cost?\
\
##########################################################################}